[Stack-hci] `az stack-hci arc-setting`: Add new command `initialize-disable-proces` to support initializing disable proces (#6338)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/stack-hci/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

0.1.8
++++++

> * Add new command `consent-and-install-default-extension` `initialize-disable-proces` for `az stack-hci arc-setting`
> * Add new command `extend-software-assurance-benefit` for `az stack-hci cluster`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new command `az stack-hci arc-setting consent-and-install-default-extension` to support xxx
* Add new command `az stack-hci arc-setting initialize-disable-proces` to support xxx
* Add new command `az stack-hci cluster extend-software-assurance-benefit` to support xxx
```
